To support us, all actors, and production members to create great content, please avoid copyright infringement.
I knew you were going to be here.
So, I came here to see you.
Actually, I followed you here.
Are you doing alright?
It's been a while since we last spoke.
We used to talk to each other,
play together,
fool around together,
and eat with one another.
How long will you keep ignoring me?
If you want to be angry at me...
punch me,
scold me,
I won't blame you.
But may I ask you one thing?
Please, don't hate me.
In this world...
Only you understand how I feel.
The more you act like this...
the more you make me worry.
I miss you.
Tan...
I...
don't know what's wrong with me.
I don't wanna do anything.
I don't wanna attend class.
I don't wanna study.
I just want to sit here and do nothing.
I really don't know what's in my head.
I'm...
like a robot.
But why does a robot want to cry?
Why does a robot have a heart?
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be fine.
I think...
you should just let me be.
This song is for...
the person...
who keeps me awake at night.
I'll post this on Facebook.
I won't tag anyone, let him see it by himself.
[You don’t know that you made someone love you,]
[just out of the blue.]
[Late at night, you sleep tight.]
[But you don’t know, right?]
[I can’t sleep tonight.]
[Inside someone’s heart, full of love...]
[The love, that you’ll never know.]
[Late at night, you sleep tight.]
[But you don’t know, right?]
[I can’t sleep tonight.]
[Inside someone’s heart, full of love...]
[The love, that you’ll never know.]
[Someday.. I hope you’ll know…. I’ll be glad.]
Hello, Sine.
Are you free?
I'd like to speak with you.
I'm at the bike park.
At Peppermint Bike Park.
See you, then.
Okay, see you.
Hey!
What's up?
Well...
May I ask you something?
Sure.
Well...
Do you...
like Tan?
Uhh..
What do you mean?
It's okay.
Don't worry about me.
I already talked with Tan.
I understand.
Well..
If we compare this to Trigonometry,
there's sin (sine), cos (cosine) and tan (tangent).
All values are used to find an answer.
Sin and tan can be perfectly calculated by cos.
I'll be that cos.
The cos that'll help Sine and Tan understand each other.
Th range of Tan...
is up to the answer that Sine gives.
Sine... Tan's waiting for you.
Mom, what're you watching?
I'm binge-watching many new series.
Can I lie down on your lap?
You're quite odd today.
Do you want something?
Nothing...
Your lap's comfortable.
Is there something on your mind?
When you were younger,
you must've been very charming.
Do you want me to relive my past?
Mom...
Is dad your first love?
No!
Dad is definitely not my first.
Really?
Yes.
If I were dad, I'd have been very jealous.
So, you're on dad's side?
You may think that you dad looks innocent,
but he's a real player.
Thank you mom,
for choosing dad.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have been born.
You seem a little off.
Are you in love?
Or going to fall in love?
Perhaps a break up?
You can tell me anything.
All those feelings are mixed together.
Was dad ever afraid of love?
Afraid?
I think he's afraid to not fall in love.
How about you?
Are you afraid of love?
Or afraid to not be loved?
You call tell me.
It's like solving a complex Mathematical equation.
So many variables.
If you want love, then just love.
It's not easy for me.
If you think that some of those variables
are your parents.
You can eliminate such variables.
When you're in a relationship with someone,
we won't be a part of it.
It's your love, do you understand?
Love is not Mathematics.
You shouldn't calculate love.
The correct answer...
comes from your true feelings.
You needn't worry about anything apart from your own feelings.
Try to find the right answer.
Do you understand?
Dad and I are okay.
We'll always be here for you.
Thanks, mom.
I love you, son.
Love you too, mom.
You have nothing to worry about.
Is it that difficult to find an answer together?
If you want love, then just love.
You're my sin(90)
You're my number one.
The range of Tan is up to the answer that Sine gives.
Tan's waiting for you.
The correct answer comes from your true feelings.
Tonight's quite cold.
So, I bought a cup of warm milk.
However, this time...
I didn't write any formulas.
I want you to do it instead.
How did you know I was gonna come?
I'm just glad that you came.
Take a sip.
How was it?
Start to feel anything?
Like feelings for me.
Well...
Maybe a little.
What kind of feelings?
Is is good or bad?
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.
Before this,
there's only people that I liked.
Never a person that I loved.
But now...
I do.
Will you...
be my love?
You didn't even flirt with me.
You can't just skip it like that.
This class...
there's no fast track.
You...
always find the right answers.
It's like a kiss...
after a kick.
You really are something!
I understand.
It's not you...
who just discover that you liked me.
But it's because you are certain.
That's why you can confess your true feelings for me.
Instead it's me who is...
confused...
and afraid.
It's all because of me.
For sure.
However...
I know that...
I should give you some time.
Before this...
I was being selfish.
That's why I forgot to take your feelings into account.
But from now on...
I'll be clearer with you.
Cuz...
I already gave you my heart.
When I found you...
it's like I'm solving a complex Mathematical equation.
Systematically solving it.
Piece by piece.
Can you reassure me...
that the answer I'll find...
is the right one.
From now on...
I'll always have you by my side.
Laughing.
Crying.
We'll overcome everything together.
From today onwards...
You'll be my side.
I won't promise...
that I'll be with you infinitely.
But I promise...
I will be with you...
Till death do us part.
As for the future...
Don't worry about it.
You'll always have me.
Best boy...
... English subtitles by Vyn Scott & Natt Tongtep ...
(Directed by  SAPPAKOSOL  SUPSAVATI)
(Script Writer by NONNAWAT  NAWIBOON)